Although I asked
Why must Mr. Souji stay in the room?
Although you don’t know anything, right?
I have no idea
Don't stay here and take care of me
I have plenty of ways to make you tell the truth
Although I am, don’t challenge my patience
Souji-chan, he had a child and then
Come on, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, Mr. Souji, he had a child.
Then give this child away now
Your child will never give you a fighter jet again
Didn't you study?
So in order to prevent Fang from getting rich
Qianmou, you guys send me to war
You use this threatening one
Because I don’t remember what happened
You see you put it wrong
Why am I there to send us to war?
This is specialized
Just say what you need to say
Just let me go
Come over here when you're done
Trouble is hot. Do things.
If you are the truth
I actually thought you'd better move around
Than Kai Fang's family otherwise
If you can't bear to eat, go away